[ETP-624] MA > Capitalize `Attendee` (#1918)
the-events-calendar/event-tickets: readme.txt

= [5.0.5] TBD =

> * Tweak - Capitalize "Attendees" in the "Search Attendees" button on the "Attendees" page. [ETP-624]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Tweak - Enforce capitalization for the text for action buttons on the "Attendees" page. [ETP-624]
```
